`azurerm_monitor_alert_prometheus_rule_group` - fix test (#22800)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/monitor_alert_prometheus_rule_group.html.markdown

* `action_group_id` - (Required) Specifies the resource id of the monitor action group.

> * `action_properties` - (Optional) Specifies the properties of an action group object. Only available for IcM Connector action group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `action_properties` - (Optional) Specifies the properties of an action group object.

-> **Note:** `action_properties` can only be configured for IcM Connector Action Groups.
```

Reviewer: @teowa so should this field be supported at all on this resource?

Author: From service team, the `action_properties` might expose new public properties in the future, so we still need to support this.
